hey guys welcome back to jurassic
collectables well look at this we've
received a Christmas present and this
comes all the way from Hong Kong and
it's from our good friends at collect
day thank you so much to collect Dave
sending this over today we're going to
unbox this and see what's inside so
let's get started cut this thing open if
you're using a craft knife remembered to
get adult supervision - these are very
sharp all right so we're in and we've
got some nice wrapping foam so let's see
what's inside okay so this one's a big
one
we move this back a little bit so we can
see oh wow look at this beast this is a
Dino
theorem it's a type of extincter
elephant mammal and wow he is huge
really weighty this guy and we're really
going to enjoy reviewing this guy really
cool so let's see what else is in here
let's have a look at this one this one's
a little bit lighter whoa oh man I'm
really excited about this one this is
the t-rex with prey I believe it's a
struthiomimus that it's got in its mouth
wow look at the detail on that guy and
it comes with a base as well fantastic I
really love the fact that collect I do
these really nice detailed bases but
each of these are going to get their own
individual review so do stay subscribed
and stay tuned to the channel to see an
in-depth review of each one ok let's see
what else we got in here
well this one's quite heavy oh wow look
at that
it's a Parasaurolophus fantastic and
this is in 140th scale beautiful
Parasaurolophus really detailed and I
think this is an older model I'm not
sure but I seem to remember this being
from an older line but it's absolutely
fantastic can't wait to take a closer
look at that one
in its own video ok so next up let's get
a bank one one in a bag here let's have
a look at this guy oh wow oh it's an
arson aetherium and this is the deluxe
120th scale so as you can see he's got
dual horns next up this is a smaller one
seems like all the smaller ones have
trickled to the bottom you know when you
fill something with big rocks and small
rocks all the small rocks go to the
bottom so we're going to have small
dinosaurs now I think Wow look at this
this is the Z no Sarah tops I believe
really striking in this very bold black
and white coloration going to be a
fantastic one to review really cool and
love this little bit on its back next
stop have a look here oh wow this is the
armor-plated Gastonia a fantastic
detailed figurine Wow really super
detailed this one and I really love the
coloration as well see what we've got
next oh okay so I think we've got a
couple left in the box and this one
feels pretty big so maybe my theory
about them all trickling to the bottom
wasn't true my goodness collector have
been far too generous this time whoa
this is the collect a 140 scale
Carcharodontosaurus and Wow this thing
looks amazing look at that paint scheme
I love the splash of blue there
absolutely fantastic can't wait to
review this one Wow so review coming up
very soon on the channel so do stay
tuned for that one okay and I think yeah
this is the last one
oh no maybe I was wrong there's one more
it's a smaller one this is the soro
Fagin axe and I was really excited about
getting this one it's a really nice
ferocious colourful looking predator I
just love the paint job I love the
sculpt and it's so good to have this in
hand love the base beautiful work by
collect a okay and then last one this is
a tiny weeny one move out the way
this little guy this is the
pachycephalosaurus and this is quite a
bold paint scheme it's got this little
bit of it almost looks like gold but
actually it's really glossy yellow but
it looks really beautiful the way that
they've painted this I wonder what
they've referenced in nature to go for
this paint scheme but yeah what a
beautiful lovely little model and comes
on a base as well so there's the
pachycephalosaurus so there we have it
guys nine incredibly detailed
prehistoric models from collect a big
thanks to collect eight for sending
these over and do stay tuned because
we're going to be reviewing each of
these individually on the channel in the
near future be sure to check out our
existing collect a figure reviews I'll
put a link to the playlist down below so
you can go and have a look at those and
if you're a bit of an ebay dinosaur
collector be sure to check out our
auctions that we've currently got
running up at a link to the items down
below we're having a bit of a Christmas
clear out so we're getting rid of a few
dinosaurs and later on in the year we'll
be getting rid of some bigger Jurassic
Park pieces so do keep your eyes peeled
on that items page ok guys in the
meantime rate comment and subscribe and
I'll see you in the next video
you